1. Why do you want to work here?
    - I would like to work here for three reasons.
        - it is the fact that you have an impressive track record of achievement ever since you started,
          you have been looking to grow and improve. you have been successful year on year. I only want to work for an \
          organization like your that has ambitious plans for the future.
        - your products and services are clearly created a very high standards.
          during my research before coming for the interview, i had a look online at the feedback that you receive from your
          customers and they all love your products and services.
          which again tells me that you do everything to a very high standards
        - i only want to work for an organization that is always looking to improve and push the boundaries of innovation
          that's one of the reason why i want to work because i am somebody who want to continually improve, grow and develop
          within the team i am a part of and i believe working here will give me all those things

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HcLAMUd7ic

2. About yourself ?
    thank you very much for inviting me to be interviewed for this position today.
    i have applied of this job because i believe the skills, the qualities and the experience. i have are strong
    match for the job description. Over the years, i have built up lots of skills and qualities that i believe
    will be of benefit to your organization and i am a strong team worker and i understand that i order to achieve
    difficult projects and tasks. you have to work with other people, and you have to bring in their skills and experiences
    i am also very good at working under pressure and i actually prefer to be in a situations where the pressure is on
    because i believe this is where i am at my best. i am  also very good a building up relationships with clients and customers
    and i feel this will benefit your organization.

    Highlights of my career include, in particular in my last role,
    so im focused on acheiving difficult tasks and projects that are aligned to your strategic objectives. I am a type of
    person who will work hard, i will never let you down  and i always act as a positive role model. If you hire me in this position
    you will quickly see positive return on investment.

3. Why should we hire you ?
    I believe you should hire me for three reasons.

    1. i am a fast learner which means i will get up and running in the role quickly so i can start
    contributing to the organizations goal
    2. i am a great team worker and i am good with people. This means that i will work hard to support
    my co workers and i will always be good with what i am around the customers and clients.
    3. i understand that for your company to be successful, i have a responsibility to always work to high
    standards and to act as a positive role model.
    i feel confident that, if you do hire me, you will see positive return on investement

4. Why are you looking to change jobs?

    i am looking to change jobs because i am ready for a new challenge with an organization that has exciting
    and ambitious plans for the future.
    my employer has been fanstastic, and we've acheived lots of great things while i have been there. However,
    the time has come for me to move on and to work for an organization such as yours where i will not only be
    pushed and challenged, but where my skills and qualities will be put to use.
    i will leave my employer on good terms and i am proud of what i have achieved whilst i have been there.
    however, i am now looking to the future and i genuinely hope it is with your organization in this role.

    